The expansion planer would like to automatically connect and store the fibers of the HK line in the GF cassettes of the strategic sockets and branch sleeves of the expansion planning.

Description of specific requirements for the user story 
After the transfer of the data from the area planning are 
the route objects, 
the GF cable,
the thimbles,
the fiber needs for the NVT (fiber needed for everything behind the NVT)

Note: If an NVT has an odd need for fiber, it is always changed to the next higher even number for splicing (due to EMF cartridges).
Example. When the fiber demand on a NVt is from area planning 7, a fiber demand of 8 from the central office is spliced to the NVT.


For further splicing (reserves, sleeve numbers, ..) the HK strand and the secondary strands must be determined.
The main strand is the path leading to the farthest socket (track length). 

Note: Territory planning is currently providing a 96-core cable for the main string at all times.

 
From the central office, route fiber from the central office over each socket back to the central office. 
From the central office, a fiber goes over all the strings and their sleeves and back to the central office. The fiber 1 and fiber 2 of each cable are designed to measure the influence of water. In each sleeve is located at number 1.1 (<page>. <Number>) a water cassette which has a sponge on the filing place, which bends the fiber in the water, which can then be measured in the Central Office.

Connection of the water fiber in the sleeves:
From the central office, the fiber 1 is to be routed consecutively into each secondary strand and back to the main strand via the fiber 2 at the last sleeve of the secondary strand. From the last sleeve of the main strand, the fiber 1 is again on the fiber 2 back to the Central Office lead.




Storage of water fiber in a sleeve.
If from the direction of Central Office on the sleeve 

the fiber 1 continues on fiber 1, then this is stored in the cassette 1.1 (water cassette with sponge) on filing place 1
the fiber 1 continues on fiber 2 (end of the strand), this is also stored in the cassette 1.1 (water cassette with Schwam) on filing place 1
the fiber 2 continues on the fiber 2, this is stored in the cassette 1.3 to storage space 2.
the fiber 2 on fiber 1 goes (return to the main strand) this is stored in the cassette 1.3 to storage space 1.

In the course of the takeover from the area planning the connections of the water fiber are to be manufactured as described and stored in the GF cassettes


Lead fiber demands from the NVT's / Strategic Muffs to the Central Office 

Combining Fiber Needs for NVT or Strategic Muffs 
From the central office go into the first branch and from the first demand point (NVT or Strategic Muffle) the fiber supplies lead to the central office. 
Here, from "the first sleeve before the NVT" or the strategic sleeve, the next free fiber at the beginning of the secondary strand is used for the splice.
If the demand point is a strategic sleeve, the fiber for the need for that sleeve is routed there but not yet cut. The fibers are continued until the end of the branch line.
Note: Fiber 1- 2 of the sideline to the NVT branch cable was previously used for the water fiber.



Then go to the next demand point (here NVT) in the branch line and from there also connect the fiber supplies to the Central Office. 
In this case, the next free fiber at the beginning of the secondary strand is used by the first sleeve before the NVT for the splice.
Note: A sideline will always have the same number of fibers for all cables up to the stub cables going to the NVT.
At the socket from the minor strand to the main strand, the next free fiber of the HK cable is connected to the central office.


c) Then go to the next secondary line and do this analogous to the first secondary line


Then go to the next NVT in the main line and from there also connect the fiber supplies to the Central Office.
In this case, the next free fiber is connected from the first socket before the NVT at the beginning of the HK line at the central office to the central office













Filing of fiber for NVT or strategic socket needs in a socket.

The construction of the sleeves is generally always as follows


page 1
Cassette Number (Pos)
Type


storage spaces
comment
1
WSK
1 -2
Only for water fiber for measurement 
2
MMK
1-12
Only as a reserve for repair work
3
EMK
1-4
Used only for the return of the water fiber
4 -x
EMK
4
For connecting fibers
(x depends on the size of the sleeve)
Page 2
1
MMK
1-12
Only as a reserve for repair work
2
MMK
1-12
Only as a reserve for repair work
3-and
EMK
4
For connecting fibers if all emf of page 1 are occupied
(y depends on the size of the sleeve

Here is the following standard tray for fiber from incoming fiber cables

The fiber arriving from the central office at the sockets for the NVT or strategic socket requirements are always stored in the EMF cassettes in storage locations 1 and 2 as follows.
The fiber of a fiber-optic cable is split on both sides of the sleeve so that it can be more evenly connected without jumps and thus splice two fitters at the same time
The half of the incoming fibers are placed on cassettes on page 1 and the other half on page 2


On page 1:
1) Fiber 3 => always in the cassette 4 of page 1 on storage place 1
2) Fiber 4 => always in the cassette 4 of page 1 on storage space 2
3) Fiber 5 => always in the cassette 5 of page 1 on storage space. 1
4) Fiber 6 => always in the cassette 5 of page 1 on storage space 2
…..
e) Fiber <total fiber count of cable / 2> => ....


On the page 2
Fiber <total fiber count of the cable / 2> +1 => EMF cassette 3 of page 2 on storage places 1 and 2
g) Thereafter, the next two fibers are placed in each case on the storage spaces 1 and 2 of the next cassette on page 2.


GF-Kabel
Number of fibers
Fiber page 1
Fiber page 2
Molds
12/69S/A-D(ZN)2Y/1*12/40795031/Minikabel
12
1-6
7-12
EMMuffe-Hk-48 / Vzk-24/40269306
24/69S/A-D(ZN)2Y/2*12/40795074/Minikabel
24
1-12
13-24
EMMuffe-Hk-48 / Vzk-24/40269306
36/69S/A-D(ZN)2Y/3*12/40374467/Minikabel
36
1-18
19 - 36
EMMuffe-Hk-48 / Vzk-24/40269306
48/69S/A-D(ZN)2Y/4*12/40795076/Minikabel
48
1-24
25-48
EMMuffe-Hk-48 / Vzk-24/40269306
60/62S/A-D(ZN)2Y/5*12/40247660/Minikabel
60
1-30
31-60
EMMuffe-HK-96 / VZK-48
72/69S/A-D(ZN)2Y/6*12/40795078/Minikabel
72
1-36
37-72
EMMuffe-HK-96 / VZK-48
96/66S/A-D(ZN)2Y/8*12/40291501/Minikabel   
96
1-48
49 -96
EMMuffe-HK-96 / VZK-48



In the following excel sheet is shown as an example of the initial fiber deposition of the incoming fiber of Gf-cable with different fiber counts on the sides of a sleeve of the type "EMMuffe -HK-96 / VZK-48/40205811".



Reserve fiber from the central office that is not used for NVT fiber feeds will lead to the last leg of the HK strand

All fiber that goes from a central office, go in the HK cable and do not lead to a specific demand point, are spare fiber and are connected to the last sleeve of the main strand through. 
In the picture below, a 96 cable from the central office starts up and the fiber 1 - 77 of the HK cable starting at the central office are connected through to specific demand points. The fiber 78-96 are thus reserves and are connected to the last sleeve of the main strand.


Storage of spare fiber in a sleeve

The storage of the incoming reserve fiber in a sleeve in cartridges is like the standard storage of incoming fiber for NVT requirements under point 2. It could also be said that there is a reserve requirement of 18 fibers at the last sleeve in the HK strand.

Connecting and depositing dead fiber 

a) Storage of the dead fiber in the stub sleeve



The dead fibers are tempted to lay down on the same side of the cassette as the other fibers in the same GF cable which have been through-connected to the central office.
Example: The fibers 1 -6 of the stub cable to the NVT were spliced ​​onto the incoming fibers 5-10, which were deposited on the side 1 according to the rules described in point 2 above. 
=> The 6 dead fibers of the stub cable must therefore be placed on side 1 of the stub joint.
Rule:
On page 1: Incoming fiber 1 - <total fiber count / 2)
On page 2: Incoming fiber <total fiber count / 2 +1> - <total fiber count>


The dead fibers of a stub cable are stored on MMK cassettes. For this purpose, a new MMK cassette is first created on this page where the fibers are to be deposited.



A maximum of 12 dead fibers can be deposited on an MMK cassette. If more than 12 fibers are to be removed, additional MMK cassette will be installed. The first MMK cartridge you install gets the number <Page> .99 (Eg 1.99), the second the number <Page> .98 the third the number <Page> .97 etc.


How many MMK cartridges fit on one page is calculated as follows:

From the sleeve specification, the max. Number of screens determined per page
Note: An MMK and a WSK cassette require 2 raster slots from place. An EMF requires grid space from place one.
  
Per side the max. MMK cassettes to be inserted are determined as follows
Page 1 : 
Free grid = Max. Number of grid slots per side - 2 grid (WSK) - 2 grid (MMK repair) - 1 grid EMF (return of water cassette) - total fiber count of the cable / 2 * 1 grid per existing EMF cassette on the side
=> Max. New MMK cassettes to be installed = Free grid / 2

Page 2: 
Free raster = Max. Number of raster positions - 4 rasters (2 MMK repair) - Total fiber count of the cable / 2 1 raster per existing EMF cassette on the side

Max. New MMK cassettes to be installed = Free grid / 2

If no MMK fits on the intended side of the sleeve, the other side is used

Attention: There are sleeve templates where there are more EMF cartridges than you need to deposit the incoming fibers. These free EMF cassettes on which no fiber has been deposited, if no other free slots for new MMK cassettes are available, to exchange for a MMK. This means that two unused EMFs are removed and an MMK installed for them.



Note: In the first approach, we would not yet replace the existing EMF automatically. It would generate an info flag indicating undeployed dead fibers for lack of space for MMK. For this extremely rare case, the user would have to exchange the EMK for MMK manually and put down the fiber.
b) Storage of dead fibers of a GF cable on a socket on which no cable other than the branch cable to the NVT ends.


Here is the standard fiber storage for incoming fiber cables, as described in point 2 for NVT requirements.
Example: The fiber 3 would always be stored on the storage space 1 of the GF cassette 4 on page 1, etc. (for details see point 2) 


c) depositing dead fibers of a GF cable on a sleeve on which, except possibly the branch cable to the NVT, exactly one more cable ends.

If the same fiber of the incoming GF cable and the outgoing fiber cable terminates on the sleeve, they are interconnected and the fiber is laid down as for the standard fiber tray for incoming fiber cables, as described in point 2 for NVT requirements.
Example: The fiber 19 of the incoming fiber-optic cable would always be stored on the storage space 1 of the GF-cassette 12 on page 1, etc. (for details see point 2) 


If the fiber only ends on one GF cable (eg 3-10) and on the GF cable of the other side the same fibers (3-10) are already interconnected and deposited, then the ending fibers are transferred to the storage locations 3-4 filed the Gf cassettes, where the same incoming fiber already further connected to storage space 1 and 2 were stored. 
In the example below, the dead fibers 3 would be deposited on the storage space 3 of the GF cassette 4 on page 1, the dead fiber 4 on the storage space 4 of the GF cassette 4, etc. 


d) depositing dead fibers of a GF cable on a sleeve on which, except possibly the branch cable to the NVT, even more than another cable ends.

If 3 or more fiber-optic cables (stub cables disconnected to NVT) arrive at a socket, it will 
the dead fiber of the HK harness deposited on the storage spaces 3 - 4 of the Gf cassettes, where the same incoming fiber of the main strand already more connected to storage space 1 and 2 were stored. 
In the example below, the dead fibers 3 would be deposited on the storage space 3 of the GF cassette 4 on the side 1, the dead fiber 4 on the storage space 4 of the GF cassette 4, etc., to 18

the dead fiber of the secondary strand is placed on new MMK cassettes.
This is done as described for branch cable to NVT under point 3.


  Here is a representation of all dead fibers of the example network:





Handling of sub strands in secondary strands.
As a rule, there will be only secondary lines without further subdivision of the sub-strands into the lower sub-strands of the HK main line, since further grading requires more sleeves, which would be more expensive.
However, it is not completely ruled out that branch joints (no NVT branch cables) are generated in secondary lines in the area planning.
Here then the water fiber is also to be routed through the sleeves of these two side strands (main secondary strand and sub strand). Furthermore, the NVT needs of these NVT's behind the branch socket also have to be connected to the central office as described above.



If there is a branch in the secondary line as in the picture below, a main secondary line must be determined for the filing of the fiber in the Gf cassettes of the branch sleeve. The main secondary strand is the strand from the branch of the HK strand to the farthest sleeve (green).
If more than two fiber-optic cables arrive in a branch line (branch cables are excluded), the dead fibers are deposited on the branch joint of the HK strand in GF cassettes as described under point 4 d above.
The dead fiber of the HK harness is here then the dead fiber of the main secondary string.
For details, see point 4 above. D "Storing dead fibers of a GF cable on a sleeve on which, except, if necessary, the branch cable to the NVT, more than one other cable ends.  
 




Dependencies: none
Notes / Open Points 




Definition of Done: Test Criteria / Acceptance Criteria:
The expansion planer automatically receives the fibers of the HK line in the GF cassettes of the strategic sockets and branch sockets of the expansion planning connected and filed. 



© 2018 GitHub, Inc.
Terms
Privacy
Security
Status
Help
Contact GitHub
API
Training
Shop
Blog
About
Press h to open a hovercard with more details.


